I'm not sure if he's going to be able to do it.
I don't know if he's going to be able to do it.
I don't know.
Thank you very much for the invitation.
I want to thank the beginning of the interview
with the reporter.
Well,
I don't know if he's going to be able to do it.
I don't know.
So,
during the interview
we wanted to give each other a little something
relatively minimal for the show.
What happens if he doesn't do it?
He doesn't do it.
Do not do it in a reallyanted way and
on the re-delicates the living being.
But in many different parts,
so that in a company of singers
which one frequently meets within the way,
you will hear as many different parts and voices
as there are performers,
who all at once unite with organic melody,
in one consonant and the soft sweetness of B flat,
which I love very much,
since I got close to Alessandro Huaglia with B flat.
So, I can record any grade
on the sounds that wereivoen in
in Cerdorieth too.
More than ever, the work of the composer was creating Cerdorieth for that purpose.
And the essence of the song was to know the meaning of the words of the lyrics to fit the song.
So here you can see the main point, the very beginning of the song.
The art of Cerdorieth.
We are one line going on the bottom of the page.
The first song in Cerdorieth is called,
One, Two, Three, Four, and One, Two, Three, Four.
The first song in Cerdorieth was written by a composer called Hedon Humly.
He said,
It was a good song, wasn't it?
No, it was a good song, wasn't it?
Because at one point, the composer, the composer,
the French composer, the Welsh composer, Sean Gwyneth, was the first song.
Of course, the music of the songs, and this is the point going forward,
the music of the songs was the main point.
And it was the source of the music of the lyrics in Cerdorieth,
to work with the other musicians and to create Cerdorieth,
and to write, and to write other songs,
to write other songs, and so on, and so forth, in the lyrics.
There was also Robert Jones, John Floyd,
John Floyd, and of course, there was also Floyd in the lyrics.
But this is the first song in Cerdorieth,
and it was written by a composer called Gael.
He said,
The songs and the lyrics are the most important things in the music.
I have a different story, not the one I have written,
but I have written a story about the ballads.
The ballads are of course, the songs of the songs in Cerdorieth.
In Cerdorieth, there are songs like this,
the songs of the songs,
in Cerdorieth, there are songs like this,
to have a great job,
to be a great composer,
in the music, and in the lyrics,
there is a big hole between the two songs,
and of course, in the lyrics,
there are three of the two songs in the lyrics,
and they all say,
to the music, and to the lyrics,
of course, everyone knows,
you have a great audience here,
everyone knows,
and everyone knows,
But that, I said,
is what we need to learn,
to be able to live in the music,
to be able to live in the lyrics,
to be able to live in the music.
But that, I said,
we have to go online,
to find a picture,
also we have the cloud music,
instead, we have a different boat on board,
instead, we have the cloud music,
we have a different boat on board,
and we have to work.
And none other than 들어온 날 마주.
these people,
These people are there with us,
and the Scythian, the Islamic Scythian, the Fajr Nobunin, the Scythian, the Scythian,
the Jogini, the Jogini.
By looking back to the first half of the last century, we have the renaissance of the Scythians.
And we feel greatly indebted to Kha Nidloy, Nathin, and Bethesda as the center from which we had the greatest right.
And we feel greatly indebted to the Scythians.
And so I think that the last century has been a good year.
The good year is the people and the people's success.
So for the people, it's a good time to rest and to take a break and to show our good work.
Now, the second half of the last century was the time of the Capernaum, the capital of the Capernaum.
And that's the beginning of the story about the Capernaum.
Of course, it will start, as you know, with the Capernaum.
...
Guildieh Laubights
some interview on the gravest grape
Vide第一個
C от 일
Are you ready?
The music is awesome
Rain more
Don't cut the camera
The rain is so heavy
I think I'm
Rain more more rain
I'm going to sing
the best
and best
I'm going to sing
the best
the
the enigmas was a remarkable man, considered by some eccentric, in connection with the religious in India, he was a prophet sent by God
for his whole soul was absorbed in keeping the commander a sacred institution for the praise of God
he would have no whispering, the sound of a child, the whisper of a carator or the rustle of the door would soon call forth from him David Beak
silence and attention you would have when reading out the hymn for you wish to instill the religious sentiment of the words in the soul of the choir
the enigmas were a great man, considered by some eccentric, in connection with the religious in India, he was a prophet sent by God
My wife Enval.
And we were, I guess,
two hours in the office,
so I don't know what happened.
And I read a book,
I have no idea what happened.
And it's a story of
the people in the city,
the people of the city,
and the people of the city,
and the other워
people of the city,
and the other Leif of Adam-
is made of...
fitness, they say.
laughter
another thing
that we found in Mercedin
and it's clear
that most of the things in Mercedin
were made
by the Banghietians
but we know that
the symbol of the Banghietians
was Robert
Thompson Crouch
and the woman from the
Banghietian
and the silver band
in 1854
and one thing that
I think that
that the
Master of the Banghietians
was the
that the
the
The
one time that
was
laughter
off it leaves
and then it offers a more more more
and then round and round and round and round
and then double the sum
and then finally on that
flutes are trickled
when I
cross the boss and then I get
in a while and then you're all starting to feel
that I can't really have that
I don't have a nail
and I'm not a
I'm not a
I'm not a gay
but really
it's
the
umb
of
that
laughs
I'm going to read a book about 30 years ago and I'm going to read it.
And I'm going to say thank you to the people who watched my work because I've played in the people.
I'm going to read it again.
And the story I'm going to tell you today is that I was working on rehearsing and practicing in a place near the Laman Flag.
I think I was in the Laman Flag in Amsterdam for three days.
The Laman Flag was already there and I had to go there.
I was there for three days and I was there for three days.
The Laman Flag was there.
William Marsh was there.
He was the mind of the music production in his most elementary form.
Why is that bad?
He was a very good actor.
He was very good at the way he was playing the guitar.
He was a tough fish in the water.
An excellent player of music in his higher form.
When he left the city, George, the director of the studio,
played the violin, Joseph Harrelson, the founder of the orchestra,
and Gaurav Kastar, the mogul, and the chief of the band.
When the history of the brass band of the country comes to be written,
there can be no doubt that Savarta will be found occupying in it one of the proudest positions.
And its last able conductor, George Lindley, will be regarded as one of the most urbane
and the top-class leader of his days and generations.
So we see the birth of the brass band and the birth of the brass band.
And we see that Savarta and the brass band, through the whole of Germany and Germany today,
are working on organising and writing the whole of Germany in the brass band for some years.
So, keeping the Welsh language in mind and also showing how every event is done today,
I'm going to sing the song that you know, that you know very well.
And the song is written by Otto, who helped me with the film, Dr. Paris,
and I have a CD bank that I play now, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to play it.
What's the title of the movie, Bingeubec?
Bingeubec is it?
I can't quite get one...
Today, as I say a few words, I can't think of a better word than this.
And then they end up finding their way into history and then taking over the country.
That workflow is Mr. feared to say it by taking over in this COVID era.
But of course, you can't do quick marches, right?
You have to do quick marches.
If you see a woman, you're sure she's not a woman.
But that's the same thing.
That's not all it is.
That's the story.
I have a story with a woman.
But it's important to me to see what's different from the rest of the world.
It's not the technical side of it.
I'll tell you about a woman named Aida Fon.
Do you know what Aida Fon is?
Aida Fon is a woman who has been married for over 40 years.
She shows her husband's face to the world.
She sees his face.
And with her face, she shows him the face of the world.
You can see her face with the glasses she wears in the sputniks.
To show the face of the world.
And in the story, in the story, there's a woman named Aida Fon.
She has a picture of a white man walking through Aida Fon.
And she's wearing Aida Fon.
And at the end of the day, she's wearing a black dress.
And she's wearing a picture of a black man.
She's not wearing this.
And she's wearing a black dress.
And the story is quite interesting.
What is the story of Aida Fon?
I don't know.
The story of Aida Fon is very interesting.
And all the revolutions that happened in the last few years,
and all the revolutions that happened in the last few years,
were developed.
And this is how it happened.
It happened in February.
And as a result,
the story of Aida Fon is now being told.
Why?
Because of the fact that
the people in the world don't know
what happened in the last few years.
He carries us to the highest heights of musical inspiration.
Higher and higher.
Tenderer and stronger.
Now he gives us the crescendo.
Brushing into a loud voice.
He gives us the power of the heart.
He gives us the power of the mind.
Now he gives us the crescendo.
Brushing into a loud voice.
Rending the sky and awakening the echo.
Now he wants to be like his soul.
Then in the magic of the imperial voice,
he rushes to the golden stairs in the middle.
And strikes, seeing above the stairs,
like seeing above it.
The strong king is controlling and accumulating in force.
And inspirational.
As he advances brilliantly through the sound
until the effect at the close is simply wonderful.
In a dark world.
Different day to do it.
And start the day.
Now he wants to come to find.
So the theme and theme are the same.
The love of the heart and the power of the mind.
The ability and the need.
In the piano.
In the voice.
In the hope that the power of the mind will be there.
In the piano.
In the voice.
In the river.
The power of the heart.
For this.
To learn to practice sound.
What is this?
One of his outstanding features was his interpretive ability, not only musical sound, but also of words.
Some of you have heard of words. He was instinctive, with a technical genius, which combined with rare religiousness.
Do you know the tapas? I can't find the tapas.
He did rehearsals, not only in music, but also in education.